Day One

Is it just me? 

This is not day one, but I’m calling it day one. I don’t remember when day one was, everything is merging together now anyway.

The other week I got scared and, for some reason, I haven’t been scared for a while. 

At the time I wrote and it felt like it helped.  
I filmed a set in some woods and got scared. I’m hoping it was my mind playing tricks on me or the wind in the trees or anything but something to actually be scared of. Perhaps I’m getting more jumpy, but I was doing a set about childhood and it probably sparked memories of being scared of the dark as a child. And the Blair Witch Project came to mind. 

Fascinating stuff, huh? 

I got so scared that I couldn’t stay in my van and went to what used to be my brother’s house. Back before anything happened, it was his doer-upper so he never actually lived there. It feels less weird, less spooky, less like there’s ghosts there because there wasn’t anyone there before anyway. 

But here’s the really good bit, I kept some of my belongings at his house in boxes, including my guitars, my books and my hiking gear. And then I found a VHS player and a stack of tapes! There was even Bill Hicks and Kevin and Perry Go Large. Whoever’s tapes they are they must be a maniac though, they hadn’t rewound them. The Bill Hicks one had the audacity to get mangled and I almost freaked out. As if we used to have to put up with that shit, it’s hilarious. I got a pair of scissors to help rewind it. It plays a bit fuzzy but it still works. 

Lol. Why am I saying any of this? 

It’s because I’m writing again. Or, at least, that’s the plan. Last time I was properly writing was when I was going insane, so that’s interesting. 

And I don’t even know where to put this? Probably everywhere to hope it reaches someone. There’s more chance that way. 

And so I finish with this again, is it just me? 

I want to laugh with someone. 
